---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_authentication_policy_server Data Source - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "System"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Authentication Policy Server.
---

# catalystcenter_authentication_policy_server (Data Source)

This data source can read the Authentication Policy Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "catalystcenter_authentication_policy_server" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The id of the object

### Read-Only

- `accounting_port` (Number) Accounting port of RADIUS server
- `authentication_port` (Number) Authentication port of RADIUS server
- `cisco_ise_dtos` (Attributes List) Cisco ISE Server DTOs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cisco_ise_dtos))
- `encryption_key` (String) Encryption key used to encrypt shared secret
- `encryption_scheme` (String) Type of encryption scheme for additional security
- `external_cisco_ise_ip_addr_dtos` (Attributes List) For future use (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_cisco_ise_ip_addr_dtos))
- `ip_address` (String) IP address of authentication and policy server
- `is_ise_enabled` (Boolean) Value true for Cisco ISE Server. Default value is false
- `message_key` (String) Message key used to encrypt shared secret
- `port` (Number) Port of TACACS server
- `protocol` (String) Type of protocol for authentication and policy server. If already saved with RADIUS, can update to RADIUS_TACACS. If already saved with TACACS, can update to RADIUS_TACACS
- `pxgrid_enabled` (Boolean) Value true for enable, false for disable. Default value is true
- `retries` (Number) Number of communication retries between devices and authentication and policy server. The range is from 1 to 3
- `role` (String) Role of authentication and policy server
- `shared_secret` (String) Shared secret between devices and authentication and policy server
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds before timing out between devices and authentication and policy server. The range is from 2 to 20
- `use_dnac_cert_for_pxgrid` (Boolean) Value true to use DNAC certificate for Pxgrid. Default value is false

<a id="nestedatt--cisco_ise_dtos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cisco_ise_dtos`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Description about the Cisco ISE server
- `fqdn` (String) Fully-qualified domain name of the Cisco ISE server
- `ip_address` (String) IP Address of the Cisco ISE Server
- `password` (String) Password of the Cisco ISE server
- `sshkey` (String) SSH key of the Cisco ISE server
- `subscriber_name` (String) Subscriber name of the Cisco ISE server
- `user_name` (String) User name of the Cisco ISE server


<a id="nestedatt--external_cisco_ise_ip_addr_dtos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_cisco_ise_ip_addr_dtos`

Read-Only:

- `external_cisco_ise_ip_addresses` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_cisco_ise_ip_addr_dtos--external_cisco_ise_ip_addresses))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--external_cisco_ise_ip_addr_dtos--external_cisco_ise_ip_addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_cisco_ise_ip_addr_dtos.external_cisco_ise_ip_addresses`

Read-Only:

- `external_ip_address` (String)
