---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_device_detail Data Source - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "Inventory"
description: |-
  This data source fetches device's details, including the assigned physical location.
---

# catalystcenter_device_detail (Data Source)

This data source fetches device's details, including the assigned physical location.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "catalystcenter_device_detail" "example" {
  id = "76d24097-41c4-4558-a4d0-a8c07ac08470"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The id of the object

### Read-Only

- `collection_status` (String) Collection status in Catalyst Center, such as "SUCCESS".
- `communication_state` (String) Communication state of the device, such as "REACHABLE".
- `cpu` (String) CPU of the device, such as "1.25".
- `device_group_hierarchy_id` (String) Identifier of the group hierarchy where the device is assigned, such as "/360b1804-969f-4eab-a4ba-9832ea3f1731/26d4bbe6-f908-4b83-86f1-49bfbb1d05f6/".
- `device_series` (String) Device series, such as "Cisco Catalyst 9400 Series Switches".
- `ha_status` (String) High availability status.
- `location` (String) Location of the device as a slash-separated path, such as "Global/USA/New York/DC01".
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address.
- `maintenance_mode` (Boolean) Whether the device is in maintenance mode.
- `management_ip_address` (String) IP address for managing the device.
- `memory` (String) Memory in gigabytes, e.g. "39.186811767835785".
- `nw_device_family` (String) Family of the network device, such as "Switches and Hubs".
- `nw_device_id` (String) As of now, same as `id`.
- `nw_device_name` (String) Name of the device.
- `nw_device_role` (String) Network device role, such as CORE.
- `nw_device_type` (String) Type of network device.
- `os_type` (String) Corresponds to the `catalystcenter_network_devices.devices.*.software_type`.
- `overall_health` (Number) Overall numerical health score.
- `platform_id` (String) Platform identifier, such as "C9KV-UADP-8P".
- `policy_tag_name` (String) Policy tag name.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number of the device.
- `site_hierarchy_graph_id` (String) Identifier of the site hierarchy graph where the device is assigned, such as "/2b0a78ee-482e-4b4d-ae85-df289873cbbb/76b11b6a-d94a-431b-8bab-fd16b09f5d40/adad4a8a-17ec-4be3-a4b5-b6549b840afe/e8ce8788-9b13-46ec-86c8-740f7ea443c1/".
- `software_version` (String) Software version on the device.
- `tag_id_list` (Set of String) Tags assigned to the device.
