---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_update_authentication_profile Data Source - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "SDA"
description: |-
  This data source can read the Update Authentication Profile.
---

# catalystcenter_update_authentication_profile (Data Source)

This data source can read the Update Authentication Profile.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "catalystcenter_update_authentication_profile" "example" {
  authentication_profile_name = "Closed Authentication"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_profile_name` (String) The default host authentication template

### Optional

- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this authentication profile is assigned to. To update a global authentication profile, either remove this property or set its value to null.

### Read-Only

- `authentication_order` (String) First authentication method
- `authentication_profile_id` (String) ID of the authentication profile
- `dot1x_to_mab_fallback_timeout` (Number) 802.1x Timeout
- `id` (String) The id of the object
- `is_bpdu_guard_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable BPDU Guard. Only applicable when authenticationProfileName is set to `Closed Authentication`
- `number_of_hosts` (String) Number of hosts
- `pre_auth_acl_access_contracts` (Attributes Set) Access contract list schema. Omitting this property or setting it to null, will reset the property to its default value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pre_auth_acl_access_contracts))
- `pre_auth_acl_description` (String) Description of the Pre-Authentication ACL
- `pre_auth_acl_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable Pre-Authentication ACL
- `pre_auth_acl_implicit_action` (String) Implicit behaviour unless overridden (defaults to `DENY`)
- `wake_on_lan` (Boolean) Wake on LAN

<a id="nestedatt--pre_auth_acl_access_contracts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pre_auth_acl_access_contracts`

Read-Only:

- `action` (String) Contract behaviour
- `port` (String) Port for the access contract. The port can only be used once in the Access Contract list. - domain - bootpc - bootps
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for the access contract - UDP - TCP - TCP_UDP
