
---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: Catalyst Center"
description: |-
  The Catalyst Center provider provides resources to interact with a Cisco Catalyst Center instance.
---

# Cisco Catalyst Center Provider

The Catalyst Center provider provides resources to interact with a Cisco Catalyst Center instance. It communicates with Catalyst Center via the REST API.

All resources and data sources have been tested with the following releases.

| Platform        | Version |
| --------------- | ------- |
| Catalyst Center | 2.3.7.9 |

## Getting Started

The following guides with examples exist to demonstrate the use of the provider:

- [Getting Started](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/catalystcenter/latest/docs/guides/getting_started)
- [Image Management](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/catalystcenter/latest/docs/guides/image_management)

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "catalystcenter" {
  username = "admin"
  password = "password"
  url      = "https://10.1.1.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_existing_on_create` (Boolean) **Experimental (use at your own risk).** Allow existing objects in Catalyst Center to be managed. If `true`, a POST request that attempts to create an already existing resource will trigger an update instead of failing. This behavior is not guaranteed and may not work for all resources. This can also be set as the CC_ALLOW_EXISTING_ON_CREATE environment variable. Defaults to `false`.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Allow insecure HTTPS client. This can also be set as the CC_INSECURE environment variable. Defaults to `true`.
- `max_timeout` (Number) Timeout in seconds for asynchronous tasks. This can also be set as the CC_MAX_TIMEOUT environment variable. Defaults to `180`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password for the Catalyst Center instance. This can also be set as the CC_PASSWORD environment variable.
- `retries` (Number) Number of retries for REST API calls. This can also be set as the CC_RETRIES environment variable. Defaults to `3`.
- `url` (String) URL of the Catalyst Center instance. This can also be set as the CC_URL environment variable.
- `username` (String) Username for the Catalyst Center instance. This can also be set as the CC_USERNAME environment variable.
