---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_anycast_gateway Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "SDA"
description: |-
  Manages Anycast Gateways
---

# catalystcenter_anycast_gateway (Resource)

Manages Anycast Gateways

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_anycast_gateway" "example" {
  fabric_id                    = "5e6f7b3a-2b0b-4a7d-8b1c-0d4b1cd5e1b1"
  virtual_network_name         = "SDA_VN1"
  ip_pool_name                 = "MyRes1"
  tcp_mss_adjustment           = 1400
  vlan_name                    = "VLAN401"
  vlan_id                      = 401
  traffic_type                 = "DATA"
  critical_pool                = false
  l2_flooding_enabled          = false
  wireless_pool                = false
  ip_directed_broadcast        = false
  intra_subnet_routing_enabled = false
  multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `critical_pool` (Boolean) Enable/disable critical VLAN. if true, autoGenerateVlanName must also be true. (isCriticalPool is not applicable to INFRA_VN)
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric to contain this anycast gateway
- `intra_subnet_routing_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable Intra-Subnet Routing (not applicable to INFRA_VN)
- `ip_directed_broadcast` (Boolean) Enable/disable IP-directed broadcast (not applicable to INFRA_VN)
- `ip_pool_name` (String) Name of the IP pool associated with the anycast gateway
- `l2_flooding_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable layer 2 flooding (not applicable to INFRA_VN)
- `multiple_ip_to_mac_addresses` (Boolean) Enable/disable multiple IP-to-MAC Addresses (Wireless Bridged-Network Virtual Machine; not applicable to INFRA_VN)
- `traffic_type` (String) The type of traffic the anycast gateway serves
  - Choices: `DATA`, `VOICE`
- `virtual_network_name` (String) Name of the layer 3 virtual network associated with the anycast gateway. the virtual network must have already been added to the site before creating an anycast gateway with it
- `vlan_name` (String) Name of the VLAN of the anycast gateway
- `wireless_pool` (Boolean) Enable/disable fabric-enabled wireless (not applicable to INFRA_VN)

### Optional

- `auto_generate_vlan_name` (Boolean) This field cannot be true when vlanName is provided. the vlanName will be generated as ipPoolGroupV4Cidr-virtualNetworkName for non-critical VLANs. for critical VLANs with DATA trafficType, vlanName will be CRITICAL_VLAN. for critical VLANs with VOICE trafficType, vlanName will be VOICE_VLAN
- `pool_type` (String) The pool type of the anycast gateway (required for & applicable only to INFRA_VN)
  - Choices: `EXTENDED_NODE`, `FABRIC_AP`
- `security_group_name` (String) Name of the associated Security Group (not applicable to INFRA_VN)
- `supplicant_based_extended_node_onboarding` (Boolean) Enable/disable Supplicant-Based Extended Node Onboarding (applicable only to INFRA_VN)
- `tcp_mss_adjustment` (Number) TCP maximum segment size adjustment
  - Range: `500`-`1440`
- `vlan_id` (Number) ID of the VLAN of the anycast gateway. allowed VLAN range is 2-4093 except for reserved VLANs 1002-1005, 2046, and 4094. if deploying an anycast gateway on a fabric zone, this vlanId must match the vlanId of the corresponding anycast gateway on the fabric site

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_anycast_gateway.example "<fabric_id>,<virtual_network_name>,<ip_pool_name>"
```
