---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_discovery Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "Discovery"
description: |-
  After discovery resource has been created, the Catalyst Center would contain device entries (if discovered). All the device entries can be subsequently obtained from data source catalystcenter_network_devices. Terraform currently is not able to handle for_each from a data source that depends on any managed resource, therefore to work around that limitation the catalystcenter_discovery can be placed in a different tfstate (root module) than catalystcenter_network_devices when the latter is used as a source of for_each.  The discovery resource does not support updates, it needs to be destroyed and re-created instead.
---

# catalystcenter_discovery (Resource)

After discovery resource has been created, the Catalyst Center would contain device entries (if discovered). All the device entries can be subsequently obtained from data source `catalystcenter_network_devices`. Terraform currently is not able to handle `for_each` from a data source that depends on any managed resource, therefore to work around that limitation the `catalystcenter_discovery` can be placed in a different tfstate (root module) than `catalystcenter_network_devices` when the latter is used as a source of `for_each`. <p/> The discovery resource does not support updates, it needs to be destroyed and re-created instead.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_discovery" "example" {
  discovery_type  = "Range"
  ip_address_list = "192.168.0.1-192.168.0.99"
  name            = "disco42"
  netconf_port    = "830"
  protocol_order  = "SSH"
  retry           = 3
  timeout_seconds = 5
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `discovery_type` (String) Type of Discovery.
  - Choices: `Single`, `Range`, `Multi Range`, `CDP`, `LLDP`, `CIDR`
- `name` (String) A name of the discovery.
- `protocol_order` (String) A string of comma-separated protocols (SSH/Telnet), in the same order in which the connections to each device are attempted. E.g.: 'Telnet': only telnet; 'SSH,Telnet': ssh first, with telnet fallback.

### Optional

- `cdp_level` (Number) CDP level is the number of hops across neighbor devices.
- `enable_password_list` (Set of String) Enable passwords of the devices to be discovered.
- `global_credential_id_list` (Set of String) A list of IDs, which must include SNMP credential and CLI credential.
- `http_read_credential` (String)
- `http_write_credential` (String)
- `ip_address_list` (String) A string of IP address ranges to discover.  E.g.: '172.30.0.1' for discovery_type Single, CDP and LLDP; '172.30.0.1-172.30.0.4' for Range; '72.30.0.1-172.30.0.4,172.31.0.1-172.31.0.4' for Multi Range; '172.30.0.1/20' for CIDR.
- `ip_filter_list` (Set of String) A list of IP address ranges to exclude from the discovery.
- `lldp_level` (Number) LLDP level to which neighbor devices to be discovered.
- `netconf_port` (String) Port number for netconf as a string. It requires SSH protocol to work.
- `password_list` (Set of String) Passwords of the devices to be discovered.
- `preferred_ip_method` (String) Preferred method for selecting management IP address.
  - Choices: `None`, `UseLoopBack`
  - Default value: `None`
- `retry` (Number) Number of times to try establishing SSH/Telnet connection to a device.
- `snmp_auth_passphrase` (String) Auth passphrase for SNMP.
- `snmp_auth_protocol` (String) SNMP auth protocol.
  - Choices: `SHA`, `MD5`
- `snmp_mode` (String) Mode of SNMP. The `snmp_auth_protocol` and `snmp_auth_passphrase` are required for "AuthNoPriv" mode. Additionally, `snmp_priv_protocol` and `snmp_priv_passphrase` are required for "AuthPriv" mode.
  - Choices: `AuthPriv`, `AuthNoPriv`, `NoAuthNoPriv`
- `snmp_priv_passphrase` (String) Passphrase for SNMP privacy.
- `snmp_priv_protocol` (String) SNMP privacy protocol.
  - Choices: `DES`, `AES128`
- `snmp_ro_community` (String) SNMP RO community of the devices to be discovered.
- `snmp_ro_community_desc` (String) Description for snmp_ro_community.
- `snmp_rw_community` (String) SNMP RW community of the devices to be discovered.
- `snmp_rw_community_desc` (String) Description for snmp_rw_community
- `snmp_user_name` (String) SNMP username of the devices to be discovered.
- `snmp_version` (String) SNMP version
  - Choices: `v2`, `v3`
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds to wait for each SSH/Telnet connection to a device.
- `user_name_list` (Set of String) Usernames for the devices to be discovered.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object
