---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_fabric_multicast_virtual_network Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "SDA"
description: |-
  Manages Fabric Site VN Multicast
---

# catalystcenter_fabric_multicast_virtual_network (Resource)

Manages Fabric Site VN Multicast

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_fabric_multicast_virtual_network" "example" {
  fabric_id            = "5e6f7b3a-2b0b-4a7d-8b1c-0d4b1cd5e1b1"
  virtual_network_name = "SDA_VN1"
  ip_pool_name         = "MyRes1"
  ipv4_ssm_ranges      = ["225.0.0.0/8"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric site this multicast configuration is associated with
- `ip_pool_name` (String) Name of the IP Pool associated with the fabric site
- `virtual_network_name` (String) Name of the virtual network associated with the fabric site

### Optional

- `ipv4_ssm_ranges` (Set of String) IPv4 Source Specific Multicast (SSM) ranges
- `multicast_rps` (Attributes Set) Multicast Rendezvous Points (RP). Required for Any Source Multicast (ASM) scenario (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--multicast_rps))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--multicast_rps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `multicast_rps`

Required:

- `rp_device_location` (String) Device location of the RP
  - Choices: `EXTERNAL`, `FABRIC`

Optional:

- `ipv4_address` (String) IPv4 address of the RP. For external RP configuration, exactly one of ipv4Address or ipv6Address must be provided. For fabric RP, this address is allocated by SDA and should not be provided during RP creation request and SDA allocated address should be retained in subsequent requests.
- `ipv4_asm_ranges` (Set of String) IPv4 Any Source Multicast ranges. Comma seperated list of IPv4 multicast group ranges that will be served by a given Multicast RP.
- `ipv6_address` (String) IPv6 address of the RP. For external RP configuration, exactly one of ipv4Address or ipv6Address must be provided. For fabric RP, this address is allocated by SDA and should not be provided during RP creation request and SDA allocated address should be retained in subsequent requests. ipv6Address can only be provided for virtual networks with dual stack (IPv4 + IPv6) multicast pool.
- `ipv6_asm_ranges` (Set of String) IPv6 Any Source Multicast ranges. Comma seperated list of IPv6 multicast group ranges that will be served by a given Multicast RP.
- `is_default_v4_rp` (Boolean) Specifies whether it is a default IPv4 RP
- `is_default_v6_rp` (Boolean) Specifies whether it is a default IPv6 RP
- `network_device_ids` (Set of String) IDs of the network devices. This is a required field for fabric RPs

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_fabric_multicast_virtual_network.example "<fabric_id>,<virtual_network_name>"
```
