---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_fabric_l3_handoff_ip_transit Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "SDA"
description: |-
  Manages Layer 3 Handoffs with IP Transit in Fabric Devices
---

# catalystcenter_fabric_l3_handoff_ip_transit (Resource)

Manages Layer 3 Handoffs with IP Transit in Fabric Devices

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_fabric_l3_handoff_ip_transit" "example" {
  network_device_id    = "5e6f7b3a-2b0b-4a7d-8b1c-0d4b1cd5e1b1"
  fabric_id            = "c4b85bb2-ce3f-4db9-a32b-e439a388ac2f"
  transit_network_id   = "d71c847b-e9c2-4f13-928c-223372b72b06"
  interface_name       = "TenGigabitEthernet1/0/2"
  virtual_network_name = "SDA_VN1"
  vlan_id              = 205
  tcp_mss_adjustment   = 1400
  local_ip_address     = "10.0.0.1/24"
  remote_ip_address    = "10.0.0.2/24"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this device belongs to
- `network_device_id` (String) Network device ID of the fabric device
- `transit_network_id` (String) ID of the transit network of the layer 3 handoff ip transit
- `virtual_network_name` (String) Name of the virtual network associated with this fabric site
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN number for the Switch Virtual Interface (SVI) used to establish BGP peering with the external domain for the virtual network. Allowed VLAN range is 2-4094 except for reserved vlans (1, 1002-1005, 2046, 4094)

### Optional

- `external_connectivity_ip_pool_name` (String) External connectivity ip pool will be used by Catalyst Center to allocate IP address for the connection between the border node and peer
- `interface_name` (String) Interface name of the layer 3 handoff ip transit
- `local_ip_address` (String) Local ipv4 address for the selected virtual network. Enter the IP addresses and subnet mask in the CIDR notation (IP address/prefix-length). Not applicable if you have already provided an external connectivity ip pool name
- `local_ipv6_address` (String) Local ipv6 address for the selected virtual network. Enter the IP addresses and subnet mask in the CIDR notation (IP address/prefix-length). Not applicable if you have already provided an external connectivity ip pool name
- `remote_ip_address` (String) Remote ipv4 address for the selected virtual network. Enter the IP addresses and subnet mask in the CIDR notation (IP address/prefix-length). Not applicable if you have already provided an external connectivity ip pool name
- `remote_ipv6_address` (String) Remote ipv6 address for the selected virtual network. Enter the IP addresses and subnet mask in the CIDR notation (IP address/prefix-length). Not applicable if you have already provided an external connectivity ip pool name
- `tcp_mss_adjustment` (Number) TCP maximum segment size (mss) value for the layer 3 handoff. Allowed range is [500-1440]. TCP MSS Adjustment value is applicable for the TCP sessions over both IPv4 and IPv6
  - Range: `500`-`1440`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_fabric_l3_handoff_ip_transit.example "<network_device_id>,<fabric_id>,<id>"
```
