---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_fabric_devices Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "SDA"
description: |-
  Manages Fabric Devices within a single resource, specifying a list of fabric_devices as input
---

# catalystcenter_fabric_devices (Resource)

Manages Fabric Devices within a single resource, specifying a list of fabric_devices as input

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_fabric_devices" "example" {
  fabric_id = "c4b85bb2-ce3f-4db9-a32b-e439a388ac2f"
  fabric_devices = [
    {
      network_device_id               = "5e6f7b3a-2b0b-4a7d-8b1c-0d4b1cd5e1b1"
      fabric_id                       = "c4b85bb2-ce3f-4db9-a32b-e439a388ac2f"
      device_roles                    = ["CONTROL_PLANE_NODE"]
      border_types                    = ["LAYER_3"]
      local_autonomous_system_number  = "65000"
      default_exit                    = true
      import_external_routes          = false
      border_priority                 = 5
      prepend_autonomous_system_count = 1
    }
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `fabric_devices` (Attributes Set) List of fabric devices to be managed in bulk (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--fabric_devices))
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this device belongs to

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--fabric_devices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `fabric_devices`

Required:

- `device_roles` (Set of String) List of the roles of the fabric device. Allowed values are [CONTROL_PLANE_NODE, EDGE_NODE, BORDER_NODE, WIRELESS_CONTROLLER_NODE]
- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric of this fabric device
- `network_device_id` (String) Network device ID of the fabric device

Optional:

- `border_priority` (Number) Border priority of the fabric border device. Allowed range is [1-9]. A lower value indicates higher priority. E.g., a priority of 1 takes precedence over 5. Default priority would be set to 10.
  - Range: `1`-`9`
- `border_types` (Set of String) List of the border types of the fabric device. Allowed values are [LAYER_2, LAYER_3]
- `default_exit` (Boolean) Set this to make the fabric border device the gateway of last resort for this site. Any unknown traffic will be sent to this fabric border device from edge nodes
- `import_external_routes` (Boolean) Set this to import external routes from other routing protocols (such as BGP) to the fabric control plane.
- `local_autonomous_system_number` (String) BGP Local autonomous system number of the fabric border device. Allowed range is [1 to 4294967295].
- `prepend_autonomous_system_count` (Number) Prepend autonomous system count of the fabric border device. Allowed range is [1 to 10].
  - Range: `1`-`10`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the fabric device

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_fabric_devices.example "<fabric_id>"
```
