---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_image_activation Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "Software Image Management (SWIM)"
description: |-
  This resource can activate a software image file on the chosen network device (upgrade the software on the device). Every time this resource is created or re-created, the Catalyst Center considers image activation on the device. (Catalyst Center does not however proceed with activation if the image is already running on the device, assuming the operation has succeeded and noting this fact in its audit log.)  When this resource is destroyed or updated or refreshed, no actions are done either on CatalystCenter or on devices. In effect, this resource currently cannot undo an image activation.
---

# catalystcenter_image_activation (Resource)

This resource can activate a software image file on the chosen network device (upgrade the software on the device). Every time this resource is created or re-created, the Catalyst Center considers image activation on the device. (Catalyst Center does not however proceed with activation if the image is already running on the device, assuming the operation has succeeded and noting this fact in its audit log.) <p/> When this resource is destroyed or updated or refreshed, no actions are done either on CatalystCenter or on devices. In effect, this resource currently cannot undo an image activation.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_image_activation" "example" {
  device_uuid                  = "138b3181-f9c5-4271-9292-cf3152ab4d3e"
  image_uuid_list              = [""]
  activate_lower_image_version = true
  distribute_if_needed         = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `activate_lower_image_version` (Boolean) Allow to activate a lower version of an image. Updating this attribute later does not cause image to be re-activated.
- `device_upgrade_mode` (String) Device upgrade mode. Updating this attribute later does not cause image to be re-activated.
- `device_uuid` (String) The UUID of the network device on which to active the software image. Changing it forces the entire resource to be re-created, so that the activation occurs as newly specified.
- `distribute_if_needed` (Boolean) Whether to distribute the image as needed, thus negating the need for a separate `catalystcenter_image_distribution`. Updating this attribute later does not cause image to be re-activated.
- `image_uuid_list` (List of String) The list of UUIDs of the software images to activate. The UUIDs could be obtained for example from `catalystcenter_image.id`. SMU images shouldn't be specified in this list. Changing/adding/removing any UUID causes the entire resource to be re-created, so that the entire activation occurs as newly specified.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object
