---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "catalystcenter_update_authentication_profile Resource - terraform-provider-catalystcenter"
subcategory: "SDA"
description: |-
  Updates an Authentication Profile. The No Authentication profile cannot be updated.
---

# catalystcenter_update_authentication_profile (Resource)

Updates an Authentication Profile. The No Authentication profile cannot be updated.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "catalystcenter_update_authentication_profile" "example" {
  authentication_profile_id     = "cc0b30bc-94e7-458a-80e2-c7bbecc829f5"
  authentication_profile_name   = "Closed Authentication"
  authentication_order          = "mac"
  dot1x_to_mab_fallback_timeout = 10
  wake_on_lan                   = true
  number_of_hosts               = "Unlimited"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication_order` (String) First authentication method
  - Choices: `dot1x`, `mac`
- `authentication_profile_id` (String) ID of the authentication profile
- `authentication_profile_name` (String) The default host authentication template
  - Choices: `Open Authentication`, `Closed Authentication`, `Low Impact`
- `dot1x_to_mab_fallback_timeout` (Number) 802.1x Timeout
  - Range: `3`-`120`
- `number_of_hosts` (String) Number of hosts
  - Choices: `Single`, `Unlimited`
- `wake_on_lan` (Boolean) Wake on LAN

### Optional

- `fabric_id` (String) ID of the fabric this authentication profile is assigned to. To update a global authentication profile, either remove this property or set its value to null.
- `is_bpdu_guard_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable BPDU Guard. Only applicable when authenticationProfileName is set to `Closed Authentication`
- `pre_auth_acl_access_contracts` (Attributes Set) Access contract list schema. Omitting this property or setting it to null, will reset the property to its default value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pre_auth_acl_access_contracts))
- `pre_auth_acl_description` (String) Description of the Pre-Authentication ACL
- `pre_auth_acl_enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable Pre-Authentication ACL
- `pre_auth_acl_implicit_action` (String) Implicit behaviour unless overridden (defaults to `DENY`)
  - Choices: `PERMIT`, `DENY`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id of the object

<a id="nestedatt--pre_auth_acl_access_contracts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pre_auth_acl_access_contracts`

Required:

- `action` (String) Contract behaviour
  - Choices: `PERMIT`, `DENY`
- `port` (String) Port for the access contract. The port can only be used once in the Access Contract list. - domain - bootpc - bootps
- `protocol` (String) Protocol for the access contract - UDP - TCP - TCP_UDP

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import catalystcenter_update_authentication_profile.example "<authentication_profile_id>,<authentication_profile_name>"
```
